# nltk-drt
The aim of our work in this repo is:
   * to port the original [nltk-drt](https://github.com/napsternxg/nltk-drt) (see forked repository) from Python 2 to Python 3
   * to fix large dependency / import issues that came up as the mainstream [nltk](https://github.com/nltk/nltk) (**N**atural **L**anguage **T**ool**k**it) evolved and this module was deprecated
   * to add support for types of anaphora & presupposition that are not supported by the current version of the module (like VP anaphora or specific indefinites \[Geurts 2010\])

This is an extension of the Discourse Representation Theory (DRT) component of the NLTK. A resolution component has been added to the basic DRT machinery: Following \[van der Sandt 1992\], it handles both anaphora and presupposition resolution. Anaphora resolution builds on the ideas of \[Blackburn & Bos 1999\], taking into account syntactic information, thematic roles and antecedent proximity. The presupposition resolution component improves on the algorithm due to van der Sandt by making use of ontology. An inference component checks the readings generated by the resolution component for admissibility. A temporal component adds a simple handling of temporal conditions. It borrows heavily from the work on tense and aspect by \[Kamp & Reyle 1993\].


## License:
Apache License 2.0

## Original README

Copyright 2010 Alexander Kislev, Peter Makarov, Emma Li

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
